---
layout: posts
date: 2022-02-01
title: "Updates!"
categories:
    - random
synopsis: A brief update on what's happening in life and future plans.
---

So hey there, I am writing after a long time. To be exact, last time, I wrote on this blog in 2020. So a long time has passed and many new things have happened in my life since then, so I thought about writing this update post.

I have joined a university and I am majoring in Electrical Engineering. Though I plan to switch to Physics during my masters and I am planning and preparing for the same. Switching majors really tiring but I think I can do it. I really enjoy physics and after joining uni and studying maths in a good way, I am also loving maths now. I don't know wht will people read this blog but I am just going to write here to let out my thoughts? I don't have many people with whom I can share my thoughts so I will write them down here? 

### Technical Updates
---
I am upgrading myself slowly. When I was in high school, I upgraded too fast and now compared to that I am nothing. Maybe that's because I have gained new hobby, "Reading Webnovels". Well, more than hobby, it's more of addiction now. I have realised I am not much different from others in this aspect. I am also just indulging myself in time wasting activities just because they give more thrill and dopamine? I don't know much about it as of now, but I am trying to control myself. I can't cut it off as of now but I'll slowly reduce the time I spend on them. I want to make myself more efficient. 

So keep myself I have given myself following things to learn and review this year: (This list doesn't ends here but as of now I only have them as targets.)

- [ ] PyTorch
- [ ] RUST 
- [ ] Julia
- [ ] Numerical Techniques (Review after DSA Preferably)
- [ ] DSA (Review)
- [ ] Machine Learning from basics again (Review)
- [ ] Blockchain 
- [ ] Techsample: { EtherumGo, Solana } 
- [ ] Matlab 
- [ ] Mathematica (Review?)
- [ ] TypeScript (Review?)

Out of these there are many topics which are just here cause I don't use them frequently and so I forget them. I'll try  to finish them as soon as possible and maybe I'll write a blog post after every target completion? I am not sure but I'll try. I am trying to pickup good habits starting today 😅. 

### Academic Update
---
Academically I have not grown much but I am growing steadily. I have finished my first research project recently. 🔥🔥🔥 

I am proud of it. Being a first year student, I got accepted and persisted till the end. I also learnt a lot of new things working on the project. Moreover I have also joined several other programs like REYES 2021 Mentoring program. There I learnt basics of QCD and some QCD related programming under the guidance of Dr. Raul Briceno and Dr. Andrew Jackura. 

I aim to grow more this year and finish more personal as well as official projects under different proffesors in order to learn more. 

Also this year I aim to learn following things : (This list doesn't ends here but as of now I only have them as targets.)

- [ ] Biology at Bachleors Level
- [ ] Physics at Bachelors Level
- [ ] Some more maths? (I am really loving it)
- [ ] Some cryptography (? I am not sure, But I want to try out.)

I'll try  to finish them as soon as possible and maybe I'll write a blog post after every target completion? I am not sure but I'll try. 

### Future blog posts? 
---
Well I don't really think anyone is reading it but I plan to develop this place as my personal diary. I will be writing here things I find interesting. I am very lazy but I'll try to work hard this time and keep this place updated. 

After this post I'll be posting something related to Git and Public Wifis , I recently found.
<br /><br />
Signing out<br /> 
amanasci